Alfonzo Caretti you girls from very busy
irony movie
[Music]
this is Brennan I won't fight Claire
you're the one I have to watch out for
out here listen my husband's at 24 more
months left out of her services you
girls are gonna be just fully we're
gonna take care of you I can't even make
the rep what they gave me Leslie
whatever unit yo all these men working
these streets and not a solid set of
balls anywhere a bunch of guys that
don't even remember what family means so
we remind them I don't want you to do I
want you to teach me
step off my business
baby it's my business man and if you
need to talk to through think it
out of our way I know their rights to
wipe you off the face of the earth we
worked hard for this you want to go back
to how was I rather died and go back
you go to war there's no coming back
Claire put a bullet in his head you
girls kill me
[Music]